e
e e
good morning folks hope you doing
well waiting here see if I can hear
myself audio check
you're probably going to hear some
landscapers outside I
was little surprised to see them
starting so early
so can't be
avoided morning
folks doing
well that's obviously too long little
bit delay
here landscap
outside see if I can get this uh latency
up I can change it or I'm not sure I can
do that once I start the stream can of
okay
well we're going to have to uh call
things way in advance then so what we'll
have to do
is endure this one it won't be all that
time sensitive but the
uh the comments section is usually
littered with folks that
are outside the English language and
they're looking for Clos
captions and subtitles and if you use
the lowest setting for
latency on the live stream every live
streamer or if you ever live streamed or
if you want to look it up and check it
yourself you'll see what I'm saying is
true it doesn't allow you to do
subtitles I guess because the latency is
so low so from the time I say something
and time you receive it it doesn't
doesn't apparently have enough time to
do what is required to get them applied
to it for the live stream but given
enough time after a while uh they get
populated in the recordings uh I don't
try to hide the subtitles I don't turn
them off manually sometimes this
platform just does what it wants to do
and it isn't always what we would like
to see it do
so
anyway I had this live stream today set
to normal latency meaning that whatever
the normal default setting would be
normally that's what it is that means
it's going to be a little bit longer of
a
delay and it's okay I promise it's not
going to hurt you and it'll still be
pertinent I can't edit it whatever I say
is what I see or feel is important at
the time majority of you are watching in
the in the recording anyway so the
numbers have dropped off because they
don't have the they don't have the time
to sit here because they're working
they're in college or they're sleeping
so a lot of them are Forex Traders so
they're just really waiting for the
little uh nuggets about what works here
and in
Forex so let me put my chart back up
here all right
so obviously I shared something with you
this morning uh I get a lot of questions
and I get a lot of
students asking me things that you know
can I show how this would be done and
how can I do this and how can I do that
basically what I was doing with that TDM
trade account and I was using a live
account to do those types of things
here the question came up what happens
if you get into a
trade and everything's working out well
but you haven't learned how to Trail
your stop- loss like we were talking
about yesterday or you're growing into
learning how to do
that invariably you're going to get
stopped out sometimes I get stopped out
out prematurely and I'll have to go back
into a trade how do I do those things
how how do I navigate that well first
has to be some kind of a a premise to it
and the idea is we we have ran from
[Music]
yesterday I promise we'll get through
this part before the opening bill just
relax I've gotten better at this
I'll believe it when I see it that's
what I used to say when we were younger
I'll believe it when I see
it well there's stuff she still can't
believe and she sees
it all right so here's the
business we opened at 6: p.m. yesterday
evening with a huge gap and if you grade
this okay it's not quarters Theory okay
so stop calling it quarterly Theory or
quarters Theory
okay it's called grading an inefficiency
or grading a price swing and you learn
more about that also in the core content
lessons you can find that on the
mentorship and I think subsequent
lessons and lectures I did but you can
do your fibs there put the quadrants in
it and you'll see how it beautifully
handles that here here quarterly and
then it's the the top of it rallies up
and that fair value app that I outlined
yesterday afternoon in the live session
extend that forward wouldn't you know
look at that so we rallied up and we
have been basically just in a strong buy
program and then Tuesday's daily
low isn't that
ironic Tuesday's daily
low when we were entering the time of
day leading up to the morning
session and if you look at what we have
here we have a
consolidation relative equal lows we
rally
up accumulate
reaccumulate smart money
reversal wise smart reversal it's turtle
soup relative equal highs it pops
through that I was not able to cure an
entry on that I was watching YouTubers
and I saw a YouTuber talk about what
they feel the MDA was going to do and
true to Fashion I had to be a contrarian
and go in there and fade that
individual but I had to wait for the
order block
here which is a small breaker in itself
but this is the larger one I like that
that's why it's annotated that way but
that is the change in the state of
delivery it's this candle and this
candle
uh together makes up a bearish order
block but it's the opening price the
lowest of a sec a consecutive number of
up closed candles the lowest open that's
the change in the state of delivery okay
so that way we're correcting individuals
out there to Mis Mis calling
things um oops put this on we only have
a few minutes here knock this out can he
do
it all right so this is what you see
all the business here it's not Market
replay Market replay doesn't let you see
this stuff up here so I'm going to take
the the labels off because you can see
that in the recording mail and you can
watch them up here when I put my curse
over top of it so in this Wick here I'm
buying it I'm sorry I'm selling short as
it goes back up into this area here and
I'm selling short again adding more to
it and it breaks down for a small little
sell-side liquidity run and then I'm
using using this as the breaker I missed
this open and run right back up into it
I would have been a better fill so on
the next candle I had to get the closest
thing I can do which is that little
volume and balance right
here it drops
down small little
partial right
there and then I was watching this
inversion fair value Gap this became an
area to sell short in
after being stopped out on the initial
run I brought the stop down aggressively
which would have never been done if you
understand the market maker sale model
you got to allow that second stage of
redistribution to start
delivering and it hadn't done that yet
so what happens if you don't know how to
do that yet and you get stopped out well
we're trading back up into inversion
fair value Gap so I went short there
after being stopped out there watch the
recording you'll see it and then I was
building in more here because I knew I
was on side I knew my market maker cell
model breaks down partial and then below
the original consolidation over here you
can see all
the the showof stuff I do and then uh
the balance leaving it to uh be stocked
out cuz I was making myself egg white
breakfast and it is what it is and
ultimately we're where we're at now so
Tada I did it with 30 seconds to
spare all right so now we're going to
watch and see what we get here and it
dug down into the Tuesday's old daily
low so that's the draw on liquidity with
the market maker Som so we're blending
things it's not just relative equal
highs and relative equal lows we're
looking for other things around it just
like every up closed candle is in a
bearish order block and just like every
separation between two candles with one
cand handle in the middle is not a fair
value
gy all right so here we off the races
okay so now we just go through the
business
of high highlighting where we are in
relationship to
uh regular trading
hours so there's that we have a really
really nice
big
premium it's going to take time for me
to M all this
up all right I'm go back to R trading
hours or electronic tradings excuse me
so we have
left this high this high and we didn't
get near it there okay so it's still
early in the
game no fair value Gap is formed
yet so you have buy side up here well
the relative equal
highs give it time to see if it wants to
get animated and run above that
and here you
go
[Music]
so new day opening Gap at August
27th if it wants to really run its
uh run itself out above here be
reasonable to see it reach up into that
wouldn't be out of the
question no fair value Gap yet no first
presentation now this candle if it
doesn't go much further where it's at
than it is now I'd like to see it settle
down a little bit and this would be your
first Fair B you got and that forms on
the 931
candle I'm also illustrating today that
most of here most of what you hear
when I'm real animated and
all cussing like a sailor that's me like
I said being my character online to
prove it you're going to hear me talk
today with no issue reaching for those
types of
words right so we reached to the new day
opening Gap high and through it now we
have a small end dog here he's
there and if you remember yesterday I
was referring to
Antonio trades live stream and my
private mentorship students know this
also there's a huge pull of liquidity up
here above that
69475 is it what is it the let's get the
original Anchor Point for
[Music]
it it's over here
right
there okay so
it's that that there's huge buy side up
there at 694 and a
quarter I'm not making a hard case
that's going to go there but you know it
certain it's trying
to give the impression that it could do
that all right so here's our first you
got she
is have to try to
do now you might look at this and say
well why don't you
use this here you
can but if I'm teaching principles
we want to try to use them as I'm
teaching them like I was given an
example for how to get back into a trade
if you get stopped out but not with a
loss you have a winning trade you've had
partials you Trail the stop loss and it
gets you stopped out but you're not
taking a loss on that but then the the
trade still viable well I I executed on
it and I'm giving you lecture notes
today about how to do that all right so
we're seeing potentially the first
down close
candle in this initial run here but yes
you could take something like
that but I have a a a plethora of uh
individuals
saying yeah that's all impressive and
all but that's not that's not the model
you don't even know what the model is so
stop stop trying to correct
me you don't know what you're talking
about yet I have to give you smaller
lessons that build on the complete model
and that's what I'm that's how I'm
teaching my son so we still didn't get a
down closed yet so it's been just a
straight run
up right from Jump
Street so August 18th new week opening
Gap traded to
here so since we've stretched out this
far
I honestly would not be willing to see
it come all the way back down here just
to get to that if it's going to go up
here in this case I'd like to see it
just keep doing what it's doing here
keep driving through and then get into
this liquidity and then see if it can
hold those levels and if it can't then
this could be a draw on liquidity for
the later portion of the am session or
going into the
afternoon that's how I use this
information I wouldn't be interested in
trying to chase it cuz it's too far
drawn out and if you go back I think two
weeks ago on a Tuesday I was mentioning
how sometimes when the pric is take off
like this it's okay just let it run
it'll it'll come back to you for a
lowrisk entry don't try to chase it the
first natural impuls is where you think
well you I got to get on board no you
don't I mean mass transit is a wonderful
form of transportation for folks that
don't have their own cars
just because they're there and just
because they're driving down the road
doesn't mean you got to get out of your
car to jump on that bus and take a ride
it doesn't make any sense just relax and
if you need a bus ride and you miss the
bus at the stop just wait 20 minutes
there'll be another one and that funny
how that works out sounds like a
macro oh I
see by by the way Daniel thank you so
much for the yeti it came in the meal
yesterday please don't send me gifts by
the way I'm not asking for it so here's
our first drop in
here small little uh retrace into this
inefficiency I wouldn't I wouldn't touch
it yet just want to sit still and relax
would been far much more
fun if I could have seen a on this
candle or the very next candle drop down
into uh that
Gap or anything close to that proximity
because that would have been a wonderful
setup for seeing things
like
um well to these levels here and maybe
even get if you can find the
the momentum that carries up into it
really come all the way back up here and
unset those
individuals that have had their stops in
those relative equal highs from
yesterday and when they had the fun of
riding down post Nvidia
earnings and then now here they
elevating again look at the
bodies right there on the low that new
opening got
low and touching this old
new day opening Gap high on August
27th so if it's going to run higher I'd
like to see it try to form some kind of
a run off of this any more retracement
makes it likely that we'll get down into
this first
presentation and we'll have to see what
we do should we get to that
line so this is a really nice opening
range Gap
halfway is down
here and just going to change the color
this just
sure don't get lost in live commentary
uh
yesterday you e eyed students of mine
noticed that when I was drawing out the
uh first presentation you
got it had a volume balance in it and if
you have watched my live streams where I
usually edit that stuff out when I'm
recording pre-recorded uh commentary or
execution
whatever
the the magnet setting I have when I'm
moving things around it's locked to
strong but not strongest so that way
when I'm moving things around on the
chart it'll automatically snap
to the open high lower close of the
Candlestick see what it just did just
jumped so because my prescription on my
glasses are not updated yet I got to
pick them up tomorrow
morning
finally uh the Rayband frames they'll be
there tomorrow but all other glasses are
there so I just I'm to come off one time
because my eyes are aging and I'm doing
this live when I'm doing it um
I'm trying to talk about but you're
smart enough to know that if you're
going to highlight it highlight that
entire range I I don't draw this stuff
on the chart when I'm actually trading
myself it's for me to teach it to you
but if it's below price and you're going
up to that old premium right you're
going to use the lowest low of it anyway
and you want the lower half so it really
wasn't going to change anything as it
was described to
yesterday so first presentation fair
value got watch that in
here watch the wick like to see it go up
and just try to go into the lower half
of that but not get past the midpoint of
that and then dig into that first
presented fair value Gap other words
it's this level to that low like see it
just jump up there keep that upper half
of that Wick open and then trade into
that that'd be a nice little study here
just folks have been taking my videos
from this mentorship and uploading them
on my channel
not trying to run them without ads soon
as you do that I I get notified from
other people they'll tell me they're
there or the copyright thing in YouTube
server automatically picks up on my
video so I end up taking your videos
down you don't get permission to do that
from me so just don't do it
please it's easy for me just click a
button it's done I'm not spending a
whole lot of time doing takes more time
for you to put them up and have me take
them down
it's funny how these old
levels keep providing
support turning points gives you like a
framework to to
judge okay just popped the low of that
Wick okay um I'm just going to use this
new day opening Gap low because it's
kind of close to what we be the half of
that Wick so what I was saying was I
want to see if it can dig up into
that which essentially is already done
here it hit
that and then up to this point here that
would be the range at which I want to
see is there any sensitivity to send
price
lower the initial run right off the
open was just a straight shot higher
hitting
the layered I told you it' be like a a
big black
hole for Price
action when when these formed here on
the 23rd of August I mentioned that that
this this is such a huge magnet on price
you'll see it used many times and here
it is again it drew right up into it
today right off the opening
the pool guys are here the girls are
barking on that's why you're hearing on
them Crazy Town barking down
[Music]
here all right so we dug a little bit
deeper
into that discount area the wick on this
Candlestick
here e
okay so that would negate anything
dropping down into a 15sec chart that
was I'm
framing if we were to start the sell off
working that lower half there then we
can drop into a 15-second chart and use
a fair value Gap to drop into this first
presented fair value Gap that's how I
was looking do it it still could do it
but I would have preferred it stayed in
that lower half
remember we're really really
elevated from the
opening range Gap low so where we
settled yesterday afternoon were really
really expensive so it's it's important
not to get
so excited about I gotta catch this
run I've hurt myself so many times in my
earlier part of my career just chasing
and thinking okay it's going to run
sometimes it does sometimes just takes
off and it's it you don't get a chance
to see much of a retracement or a dup
and it leaves the opening range Gap open
for the day never even trades back to it
but eventually it eventually does trade
back to it and it's more
likely that uh we'll have you know a
better discount into the marketplace and
certainly before I would ever want to go
along and want I would wanted to do that
I'm G put you on mute just for a
[Music]
second tell
wife to try to keep these dogs
quiet lots of layered in here and if we
just drive through that aggressively
like if it's one or two candles that
gets through that that's really likely
that they're trying to get it up to
here and it'll be really interesting to
see how much of a drop off it causes
once it gets into that liquidity above
there should it do it I don't I'm not
saying that or making the Hard Sell that
it's going to go there but if it
couldn't slice through all these new day
opening gaps and the new week opening
Gap and if it does it in stunning easy
fashion that means they're just really
going to drive it up to here and after
having such a large gap opening no
retracement into the Gap just a St a
steady run getting up to this liquidity
here that'd be like puking it out and
then send us down into here and then
digging into the Open Range Gap so this
is far in
advance even with the natural normal
latency should it trade up there you
have heard me say it
before you're getting it live and
comparing with your live price action
and there's a little bit of a
delay but it's okay it's not going to be
your you Earth chattering
see if we can pick up some accumulation
here around the new week opening Gap
low into that b side balide efficiency
isn't it crazy that one stock One
stock just
one and that's enough to make every
other company vending
a like every other stock has to suffer
or finds uh new love in it because of
one stock envidia come on now when you
think it's not
rigged it's ridiculous
with Proctor and Gamble and the
caterpillar have to do with uh
Nvidia
nothing but they'll all be moved
around every other stock out there be
moved around like a paper company what's
a paper company going to have to do with
Nvidia it's a chip company right so if
that is the case and Nvidia is going to
have that much influence it just makes
it easy for them to manipulate everybody
with just the sentiment around one issue
you see how everything has been changed
to this that in the old days before
electronic trading uh it took real
significant things for the market to uh
maneuver and move around and all the
stock stocks would not move Market to
Market it'd be a lag it be like oh well
now we're going to start the roll over
and go in sympathy now because
electronic trading it's easy for them to
manipulate and control everything and
everyone and you know Inspire or disrupt
Market
sentiment and all you have to do is use
one or two stocks to do it but there's
no there's no outo there's no market
makers see that they're bad words so um
let's take a quick look at yes and
comparison S&T
failure to make a higher high in es
where we had that same comparable high
at 936 to
936 949 higher high on NASDAQ not seen
in es so that is a indication it doesn't
mean there's a top it doesn't mean it's
time to see it reverse it just means
that we're waning in the
likelihood of
continuation if you then start seeing
things technically break
down then you have the best of the best
so you're not just SM smt is a smart
money technique or smart money tool I
never really settled one with the T was
going to stand for so it's I always
interchangeably use it as such so same
element here see that
Wick so half of that Wick right
there I'm watching
that right
there yesterday I had uh noticed that
there was that package on the front by
the door and I said to my wife I said uh
did you order something from Amazon you
got a package out there she go no I said
well there I have child say what did you
order I said I didn't order anything and
she looked at me like really cuz I
usually order a lot of
stuff and
uh she walks out there she grabs it
picks it up and she goes did you get me
a staning cup I'm like what did you get
me a Stanley Cup you got me a Stanley
Cup smiling like she got like it's her
birthday this woman has like 18
different St whatever color Stanley Cups
are out she has it and she has the
little bling things that go on the the
the straw she has like these little boot
things they call it and these bows like
you thought she was dressing porcelain
dolls like a little girl she got so many
of these stupid things and she says I'm
going to sell them people like them what
do you need the money for and she ain't
sold any of them they're still sitting
in there waiting to be used in in in the
order she ordered them but when she
opened it up she saw it was uh a
Yeti he looked at me he's like I can't
believe you didn't buy me another
Stanley C I can't believe you think you
need another one what do you think this
is
cologne only I can be obsessive about
Cologne but everything else is silly you
can't have more than one thing that's
that's not
natural all right so we did not get a
run into the half of that Wick and start
the roll over and it would have afforded
us an opportunity to go into the 15sec
chart and capture any order flow that
would send us into to First presented
every got down here so we're just
sitting here and relaxing we're not
trying
to
predict anything we're waiting for the
market to actually indicate that it
wants to move in a Direction that's
trustworthy here it's too it's too
expensive anytime it's like this I will
elect to look for shorts over chasing it
going long because it's given every
indication so far I think we're going to
run it see that see how fast he this ran
out of in
there watch up
here well two candles we went right
through all those new week levels and
new day
levels one
two so that opens the stage for
a run up in the here because there's a
lot of people up there that have their
stops not your friend on social media
but there's a lot of people with deeper
Pockets than you and I and their
positions are holding larger
volume but as I was saying in these
conditions like I mentioned two I think
it was T Tuesday days ago where it just
starts to take off running if I'm not
already positioned beforehand and
holding on to something from
pression um I'll just sit on my hands
and relax I don't feel any kind of
nervousness I don't feel any kind of
embarrassment a necessity for me to have
to prove something I'm teaching you what
I actually do is I I demand price come
to me and it has to behave a certain way
for me to engage it and when you know
what you're looking for you you don't
get all caught up in Fe missing out and
that's that's how you conquer fomo is
you have to know what you're doing and
be be allowing the market give it
flexibility to do things without you you
you give yourself permission not to
trade every single fluctuation and you
also give the the market permission to
go and be a child go run and play I
Don't Have To Hold Your Hand every
minute that's actually a good analogy
just I got write that down have to use
that again for a future
video all right let's see if we can spin
our Wheels here and run up in there and
take that buy side
out I had a fellow say very
politely um I have a lot of respect for
you and what you do but I don't
understand the way you
act you you don't say what's going to
happen beforehand in the live streams
but then when it does certain things
you'll say see it did what I thought and
I don't know what you're watching
but the things that we're looking for
the the more pertinent things I'm
calling that stuff out I'm also talking
about what I don't want to see and what
would be impediments to me actually
engaging what I want to see and what I'm
not comfortable with at the time when
it's present itself in the chart and
right on the heels of that comment
another person was like can you just
give me a short video of everything that
you would say and do it in less than 30
minutes how you going to how you going
to learn how to
trade I mean if you're going to trade if
you're if you're going to trade not just
learn how to do something or watch
something because I'm convinced that
these individuals just want to take the
information and make courses with it or
write books on Amazon they want their
Cliff Notes and I'm teaching my son
Caleb how to actually do it so that
means it's going to require proper
understanding so here's our uh return
back into new week opening Gap high and
now in this candle or the next I would
really want to see some kind of
indication that's going to drive towards
that uh 694
level if it can reach up air I would
expect a really
nice opportunity to sell off
but if you're learning how to trade you
know what is it you're thinking that's
going to happen when you start trading
it's going to only work in 30 minute
intervals and that's
it I mean you got to be able to look at
the entirety of the day I'm only with
you for a portion of the day not even
the full
day so you have to understand what
you're doing what you're looking for
otherwise you you're gambling right or
you're not really looking it with the
the full perspective which is you know
in my opinion what I'm trying to
share more appropriate way of uh
deciphering what price is going to do
and you have a full comprehensive
understanding
okay
should if it's good it should start
Finding Traction here and run up there
and bang that 694
really really expensive here today BR
out the
opening it never gets
tiresome seeing you know how
the game of knocking the people out to
have like the best positions that's been
running if they can go deep against them
like we're seeing here today like that's
uh it's always fascinating to me to see
how how far I'm willing they're go
they'll go to take that from
them and the re people say there's
nobody out there trying to get your
stops well they're not trying to get
your stops they're going where the
obvious largest pool of liquidity is
going to
be and it's going to be what people have
deeper pockets in you and I all right
back down into new week opening Gap
high would you feel safe with your stop
at
19694 even with that drop like that
would you feel safe with that
could you sleep at night if that was the
last thing you saw before you turn your
charts off with your stop loss up there
would you be able to go away the sleep
with
it for
lots of volatility here this morning
I'm using just the laptop but I am
peeking at the 15sec chart on my cell
phone that's why I'm quiet I'm looking
at thinking okay so where is it at
there's a small little inefficiency
towards the new week opening got L
still that they could come back into a
little bit more
the question I have if this is going to
come that far up right there why would
it leave a quadruple top at 694 when it
knows there is a
ton of orders resting above
that there're only a day
old they would have been carried from
higher prices prior to yesterday Trail
down and if they weren't they were Trail
down after we saw the drop down
yesterday you know
overnight so there's a huge pull of
liquidity up
there new week opening got low on 18th
still nothing for me to do completely
complacent not wanting to do nothing
right
here how do you sit still and not worry
about missing a move because I know I
have lots of moves I can
capture I could disregard the entirety
of the morning session and come back in
the afternoon and do fine at 2:00 to
3:00 there's going to be a silver bullet
from 3:00 to 4:00 there's going to be a
silver bullet there's four macros in the
last hour I can participate
in so it's it's the comfort of knowing
where are the opportunities present
themselves but if something comes out
the gate like this and just starts
roaring it's too rich too expensive for
me to want to buy it even
though the last two days I've mentioned
this area here is a really rich area of
liquidity it's not enough for me to buy
it I'm I'm more comfortable with waiting
to see should we get there do we break
down and it gives me something I could
trade and go short with and I'll be
selling expensive things to Market
participants that want to Chase and buy
it and it's usually when it breaks out
up here you Johnny come lately he'll be
Johnny on the spot trying to buy you
know something that's probably going to
have a deeper retracement in the morning
session I could be wrong it could go up
there and blast off and go another two
300 handles okay I'm just saying
rule-based ideas I mean you have to have
procedure process and you have to be
able to live with it you can't just say
well I'm just going to make it up on the
Fly there has to be rules that you
follow for engagement and if you don't
have them in advance not something that
you feel impulsively saying well I'm
going to do this because I just think
it's going to do this right now what's
the procedures that you've seen and
studied by back testing and then forward
testing tape reading it then demoing it
for at least 3 to six
months that data that's that's what
you're going to lean on not your natural
impulses and tendencies to feel like you
know I got a hunch it might do this you
don't want to trust your gut okay
very very pleased that I'm at a stage in
my career
where I can look back and see where I
would have made terrible terrible
impulsive
decisions and now it's move slow when
you're trying to make money move fast
when you're trying to protect it and
that was a lecture note that I got from
listening to Larry
Williams and he mentioned that and two
of his presentations one he was a
keynote speaker for short-term trading
at a seminar it was like a one one event
type
thing and he mentioned it there which it
really resonated with me I was like how
do I apply that like I have to know how
to know when to sit still when is it
when's it time for me to try to take a
trade and when is it not because saying
the words and believing and agreeing
with it is one thing but having it so
you can apply it is all together
something different and it took years
for me to you figure that that stuff out
and it's going to take you a long time
too doesn't happen real fast no matter
who tells you
what the the patience aspect and being
able to filter ideas and trades not
being caught up in the momentum of
things it's hard it's very very
difficult especially if you're actively
looking to see what other people have
done so far in the day see they they may
get very lucky
and have captured something that's
wonderful but what's the steady diet of
their trading is it that type of
Reckless gambling because I'm not
impressed by that you shouldn't aspire
to have that for your trading either so
now we're back down below that old new
week opening Gap do we tag
it sell off attack the sell side below
here and get into that first presented
fair value Gap then does it one more
time press up into that 6 94 by side or
does it use
the Gat we in here and just simply drive
right back up and just do
it because it's iffy because it's 50/50
notice what I just did there if I can
frame it both directions is it high
probability not by my
definitions and compare and contrast
that with look at the setups I'm showing
executions in there's only one way to
paint them it's obvious it's going
around trading them here I can paint it
on both
sides and it's not something that I
would feel comfortable putting money
behind so if it's something I'm not
willing to put money behind there's no
sense of worrying about outlining it you
simply study it tapee it watch it with
no no weight on the
outcome because it wouldn't take
anything from you but it's just going to
give you more insight and experience
in my mind this would be like the last
ditch attempt if it was going to go up
there if I was if I was a bull if I was
a buyer it would need to run from here
and just be done with
it simply because we traded outside that
new week opening Gap came back down into
this inefficiency which is part of a
balanced price range down up singular
candles handle it and right here now so
it would need to start climbing higher
here or it's giving up the ghost and
going right back down
into first
presentation
here and because either side can happen
that's low probability for me it should
be low probability for you and that's
not a time for you to try to trade
it you don't want
to F Foo as they say because you'll
you'll probably get a result that you
don't want it's
unfavorable for
I'm going to mute this again just for a
moment
e e
you would need to uh find its legs here
and run to that
694 or I would uh kill any interest if I
was a fire if I was a a bull I'm
not but look how much time we spent just
Meandering around yeah there's been
small little fluct in price I'm not
going to deny that we can see it here
but is it something I'd be wanting to
engage on
no e
if you look at the
lows of all these
candles I like to look for areas where
retail would see a diagonal support or
resistance and that looks like a a prime
candidate for their supposed diagonal
support so like a trend line diagonal
trend
line I don't use them but I like to look
for opportunities where I could fade
them
you find that
lesson in the 2017 core content the
mentorship playlist for
uh the Youtube channel it has that trend
line Phantoms know words it's like trend
lines that are fake and how to
capitalize on them with the target how
they
used they're best used when our tools
are suggesting it's going to be a easy
run lower or higher and then when you
see lines that could have been drawn
underneath lows that are perfect or real
close to perfect that's what retail is
looking for they want that kind of thing
they're not looking at inefficiencies or
liquidity they're looking for connected
dots and connected dots is is not what
we do here Banks and large institutions
are not trading on connect connected
dots type uh
Theory there it goes turn line Phantom I
just mentioned it's gave up the ghost so
now cell sides just in Striking Distance
and then the first presentation
everybody you got
so we were able to get down to the cell
side here minor cell
side it's an election year and they are
absolutely manipulating this market like
crazy I believe after November 6th
we're going to see some wild price
action and since the the agenda will be
behind that date and you can read
between the lines about what I mean by
that
um the market will be permitted to do
things because we'll be
under a different way of living this is
called
appron I always thought I was doing on
space do it ICT put that tin foil on
baby all right so we're looking at a
breaker in here I'm watching how we
behave this Candlestick right here
that's the the Candlestick I'm looking
at and where we're at in relationship to
that when it's like this and you have so
many confliction
references things that uh could be this
could be that when it's like that you
have to just simply accept the fact that
it's not time for you to trade it's
simple is that it's very simple but it's
very hard especially if you're part of
an online community or if you like to
force yourself on the social media uh
you feel compelled like you have to go
out and prove that you saw something
today and you did something today and
you were right and they're all part of
the things we were talking about the
other day that are their character flaws
their weaknesses and you have to keep
that stuff out of your trading because
if your
results through the lens of other
people's perspective about you is the
goal then making money ain't the goal
and if men making money is not the goal
then your willingness to lose it on less
favorable setups is is there and that's
a problem that means you're willing to
do stuff
that wouldn't be deemed high probability
but after it works you'll go online and
Champion it like you had some esoteric
knowledge or some something Superior
like the fellas that like to record and
say here's what I he said we walk when
he talks do it
live do it live and invite me don't
don't don't mention me in your
video and that's the only thing you got
going on do it live
I would have commented but I don't want
to bring too much attention to you
because you ain't earned that
yet all right so we've made things
Jagged on the upside after a
premium opening we've had one two three
times lower we're down here we broke
cell side but it hasn't been convincing
enough and we haven't traded into this
yet so I want to see how we behave if we
get into that if it goes through it to
the downside I can see it be treated as
an inversion Fair Val Gap and go down to
Mid opening range Gap
now Caleb would have already came to the
conclusion that he can't take any trades
today it's already done too much it
changes to a
improbable Market condition for him so
he'd have to stay on the sidelines turn
his charts off and he'd have to go back
and look at what has happened after the
fact later tonight so he he's not
permitted based on what we've seen here
there's no setups he could have taken
first presentation hasn't even been
traded to so how's that losing a money
it's not how is it uh flawed logic it's
not it's a criteria that he's being
trained to use and if you so choose to
do it as well it prevents you from being
impulsive or chasing price
action it gives you a frame of mind that
tells you you cannot or you can trade if
there are things that are going to be
back and forth
50/50 as soon as you arrive at that
conclusion just turn your charts off you
will save yourself so much heartache so
much draw down so many blown accounts
and or lost challenges or funded
accounts you will lose so much
money trying to trade and spend it in
commission back and forth trading these
opportunities if you force yourself to
do so I know this because I've done it
many many times I had to restart an
account so many times as a 20-year-old I
could not couldn't couldn't find myself
out of the bad habit of just trying to
impose my will on
it so you have to have proced procedures
that tell you yes the the framework in
the marketplace is conducive for very
low resistance liquidity runs we don't
have that here today we have a big nice
opening Gap higher wonderful and then it
starts right out the gate straight up
okay with a failure to get to the
liquidity that I was mentioning and we
didn't get there so it could do it still
or it could leave it
there which one are you going to go with
whatever you say and if it pans out I'm
telling you with 32 years of experience
you just gambled now one can say well
isn't that what trading is majority of
everyone else out there that's how they
treat it but they don't call it
gambling they may disagree with ICT
poppy
ICT that was some funny Instagram link
that was some funny someone sent me a
link say you got a
fan I look I don't even know who that
person is but it was funny listening to
you made $500,000 in last month well
done that is amazing that's awesome that
is
awesome it's not even a ctly payment in
taxes but it's still good nobody nobody
should be able to talk down against
something like that that's some that's
some good that's some good
chops poppy ICT I can't trade bro
says that is some good
[Laughter]
stuff all right so we got three more
minutes 10:30 comes I'm going to close
it unless it gives me something really
really Earth shattering
poppy ICT I'm G have to put that in the
list of memes now I have so many memes
and how I love the old
[Laughter]
names oh
man okay let's look at it this way let's
play Devil's Advocate like that let's
say that we did go down here and hit
this stops to me that's just a little
too anemic and it starts to run here
what happens if that's a breakaway Gap
and then you have this Gap here we can
trade down to institutional order for
entry drill and then they run it from
there to take the buy side at
694 or because I just outline that they
just run it right on up air and there's
no entry and guess what that means
sitting still was good that's the right
decision that's not a regretful decision
it's not a but I could have made money
chasing
it that's you
making compensation for lack of patience
and not having the visibility of seeing
that these things will repeat and you
don't have to have your setup just right
now because you're sitting in front of
the
charts you have to be permissible yeah
I'm sorry you have to allow the market
to give you things that are permissible
in delivery so that means you allow it
to do it and have no influence Over You
by pressing a
button it's hard I ain't going to say
it's easy it's it's it wasn't for me it
was not easy for me and because I'm a
little bit more
stubborn it was a lot harder for me than
probably will be for some of you you
might actually get through it a lot
easier with structured guidance so we're
inside that fair Val Gap there now
me I don't know what's going on but Deer
Park used to actually taste pretty good
and this water is tasting like bath
water so I usually drink uh heavan Fiji
and Deer
Park is what I just grabbed to come up
here and it tastes n doesn't taste good
at though
so it's actually making me feel sick to
my
stomach so what you would be looking at
is how it manage to trade if it can get
above this high you're looking at these
relative equal highs does it go through
it and accelerate and does accelerate
into the high of this candle because
it's outside of the old new week opening
high so you're going to like measure the
ability and strength and speed if it can
trade to those two levels does it do it
quickly and once it gets there does it
maintain its bullish body and not create
a wick and start to retrace back in
that's not what you want to see you want
to see how it behaves Above This high if
it can rally there and then you want to
see it accelerate and break through the
new week opening Gap high and trade here
if you're long if you're bullish if
you're looking for to go up to that 694
bide that that suck here by the way
again this week's lectures were all
around contending with things that's
going to be problematic for your
trades things that you're going to
wrestle with when should I move a stop
how should I move a stop if I get
stopped out how do I go back in well you
got all that and now when you have a
market that's opened up strong ran out
rate from the opening
higher but it hasn't given you any
meaningful retracements where you can
frame the risk based on what has been
taught to you thus
far and you have to give yourself
permission to sit still and be com be
comfortable with that being still is a
position that wins every single time you
never lose money sitting still you never
ever ever lose money sitting still and
not entering a trade
Sidelines is it's always winning okay so
we have the Run above that high
here and that high so these two highs
have been taken
out do we have the ability to
use
continuation to drive Above This high
and if it can expand above that we have
cleared again the new week opening
Gap the new day opening Gap and the new
day opening Gap right here that's
usually it's only two
ticks one tick is still
G if I were long from that fair value
gap down here as I outlined earlier and
we were playing devil
AV I would demand that it literally
sends it right now
using institutional Ora entry drill or
your entry on that candle there you'd be
in at
587 75 or maybe 588
even so 588 even stop would would have
to
be 589
cover costs and commissions so that way
if it comes back on you you're stopped
out and you didn't lose anything you
paid you paid for your your your ride to
see it okay it wasn't a destination or a
port of uh call you sail
by that way if you get stopped out you
had a chance to ride around but it
didn't cost you anything got your money
back so see what it just did there
that candle here and we went above that
new day opening Gap and then we went
went back down so that's not what you
want to see you don't want to see things
like that it doesn't mean you're stopped
out yet it just means that you want to
see momentum Drive higher and it's
normal for having one Candlestick
retracement like that but it needs to
quickly overcome it and break to a
higher bullish candle in other words
just got to move outside this
candlestick's range to the upside it
can't be spending time marking
time inside that range or going lower
that's not
good and when I used to do
uh the the the paid mentorships which
I'm never going to do a paid mentorship
again so and for the people that left a
comment saying you're a liar you said
you was never going to do a mentorship
and here you are I never will do another
paid mentorship it's context it's King
okay
guys you take things out of context and
twist my words so yes I'm I'm teaching
my son and he wanted to make it
available to everybody so here I am but
when I was doing that paid mentorship I
would do these live streams and I would
talk about the market live over the
price charts
and I would outline them and say look
you know this is what you're looking for
you're we're studying price in high
resistance liquidity run signatures and
low resistance liquidity run signatures
and when it's low resistance that means
it's going to be real easy the market
trades around nice it's easy it's
one-sided you don't have conflicted
analysis it's just oneway streets to go
to inefficiency or liquidity and the
only way you can identify that is by
watching price action in both conditions
and me outlining what they are at the
time so that way you can see it it's
like oh I understand what he means when
it's high resistance I understand what
he means when it's low resistance and
having that framework work given to you
on a day-by-day basis which is what
mentorship was it gives the students a
baseline perspective on being able to
gauge if this is a climate for them to
go in and even even expect a trade
deform that would be high probability if
you can develop the skill set to
identify when the Market's really prone
to
be
adversarial on both sides for Traders
that go long and short in other words if
if it forces you to be absolutely 100%
Nimble and zero forgiveness for either
side being
wrong that's high that's that's a high
probability that you're going to lose
money that
day but because most individuals don't
have that understanding and most
traders that have a mentor their mentors
don't know how to do that they don't
have to frame a criteria that says this
is high probability or this is a climate
that is not conducive for low resistance
liquidity runs where the market just
trades real fast real just easy stuff
real easy quick sudden immediate
feedback that's positive that's what I
teach you if you've been paying
attention I'm teaching you by
identifying when it's ugly when it's
harder for you when it's going to be
5050 trading because I want you to feel
what it's like to watch and see how hard
it is for price to make its way through
through certain areas and how it's very
difficult for it to trade and gain
ground or lose ground if you're bearish
and just stays in these ranges like this
not that you can't TR obviously you can
trade in I mean right now if you close
the position where I was saying let's
pay Devil's Advocate and we use this
fair value gy well you'd be long if you
closed it right now what you know what
what shape would you be
in about 50 handles or so
what's wrong with that
nothing problem is you're listening to
me talk about clearing this high and
getting up to here and some of you will
say it either goes there or I won't get
out at all and it's going to have to
stop me out so it's a stop out or my
Target and people that say that are
stupid they're stupid because what
you're saying to the audience members
that are listening to you wasting their
time listening to you listening to that
l logic is you the argument usually made
is well if you open the trade up with
XYZ measure or percentage of risk why
would I want to get out with less than
what I opened it up with for my target
um here's a here's a novelty for you um
making money because partials are 100%
profitable all the time there's never
been a partial profit that's ever lost
money ever it's never happened it's in
its name profit okay so when you close
it you have
gained more Equity it may not be the
highest degree of profit that you had
hoped for and aspired at the time when
you first got to trade on but you have
to understand as a Trader that you have
to be dynamic and evolving continuously
while price is moving and gyrating
around because what might be visible in
the charts when you first sit down to
enter the trade and it might make sense
to put the trade on it might have
everything going for it technically and
then it Fizzles out it just falls apart
all the technicals just fade away and
you start realizing that maybe I'm not
in a trade that is going to pan out for
me well as soon as you feel that as a
developing Trader first thing you want
to do cut the trade in half if you have
a profit take it off half of it Whatever
It Is Well it's only going to be a 100
bucks in my in my commission yep sure is
but you know what it's going to do it's
going to reduce the anxiety about you
feeling what you are observing in but
you're arguing about it it doesn't look
like it's going to move man should I get
out should I not should I close it what
do I do what do I do as soon as you feel
that when you're learning and you're
developing whatever the trade size is
cut it in half if it's only one contract
because you can't trade with more just
close the
trade and then tape read the rest of it
because you have to be able to re uh
remind yourself continuously that you're
in control of your own actions
the broker ICT somebody on the
internet the market didn't suck you in
without you know your permission you you
pushed the button you entered those
orders in you put yourself in the
marketplace and you have to find your
way out of
it whether through blown account through
draw down or profitable trading and the
goal is profitable trading and since
that it's understood that nobody walks
out here on their first day knowing
exactly what to do without any without
making any
mistakes it's it's reasonable for you to
say I'm
uncomfortable and why put yourself
through
unnecessary hardship you're going to
feel the same angst about the trade not
working for you if you close it take
half
off or close the entire position if you
have just one contract and then you have
the protection of not
losing money
not having realized draw down in your
paper trading account your funded
account challenge or your
funded paper tree account because that's
what they
are it's better for you to manage your
emotions and the psychology around your
actions or the decisions you're making
when you feel that pressure
inside trading through that full boore
and just saying I'm going to hold on to
it
that has to be graduated too and the way
you get to that point is in the
beginning you'll be anxious okay and
then you'll close the
position and you're going to realize for
folks that are highly critical of
themselves when you're tape reading that
means you're not even
demoing when you're not even a demo
trade not even a paper trades on but you
have convictions about why you think the
Mark's going to go up or down from
wherever you were watching it and you'll
feel anxious and you're not even in a
trade and that is the sure indication
that you're hyper critical of yourself
and chances are you probably beat
yourself up you probably have beat
yourself up in your Journal if you even
Journal there's a lot of jokers out
there they'll say you know I ain't got
time to journal I'm a
man every
significant wildly profitable CEO or
owner of a business you know what they
do they keep records in a
journal um yeah that's what the uh the
rich people do Bart Simpson doesn't keep
a
journal we're not trying to be a Simpson
okay we're trying to be a Samson a
conqueror they would need to find legs
here and reach up in that 694 if it was
going to go at all
I got 90 seconds I told you about
10:45 now earlier in the recording I
said it yesterday I said about
10:45 all right so now what you be
watching is how it behaves inside of
this INE efficiency you do want to see
if it can get
above this civy you want to see it get
above the the high of that which is that
level there and expand with momentum and
strength to drive into that high here
and then attack that 694 by side that's
a right now it's a quadruple high this
high and then I'm not going to scroll
away in case it runs up here because I
want it to be on the on the L stream you
should have do
so but you want to screenshot this right
here because this is a really good
opportunity for you to see if you would
have used the fair value Gap we gave as
a doubles Advocate exercise we saying
let's say you want to U be a buyer
using this uh fair value Gap should it
trade down into that which it did and
then rallied up here is the the first
Target for partials for me that would be
my first partial because it's too close
to everything else down here to Warrant
taking a partial off here it's really
close to that high and it could fail it
doesn't doesn't mean it's going to go up
here it could stop rate where it's at go
lower but the way you have to learn how
to trade it and engage it is we're in a
real Rich premium at the high end of
that Cy this fair value Gap with a down
close cbies are always down close fair
value
gaps so hitting that and taking a
screenshot of that and then annotating
how much time it took to get to that
candle touching this
candle's this candle's low from the low
of this candle which is institutional
order flow ill so when you screenshot
that kind of stuff when you're watching
price action or when you're watching
like like I'm doing here compare what I
just outlined here using this fair value
Gap and then saying that would be my
first partial then look at the trades
that I take and how I execute I'm
getting on getting in on down Clos
candles right at the lowest candle and
then it rallies up and I'm getting out
of short-term
highs look what it's doing here look
look at the behavior there even if it
turns around and rips goes up here that
right there is enough to Warrant the
logic I'm sharing
it's giving you bookends okay a
beginning and an end where something
should start and where first paral is
now if you ruled your stock to say you
give yourself a pizza dinner and
commissions cost covered what is that
for you I don't know say a 100 bucks 200
bucks and just let the trade go you've
paid yourself you've executed rather
handsomely with very very good precision
getting out at a short-term hi at formed
at a logical level where there's a
premium level do you need me to push a
button because I outlined it for you
right here but some of you want it
because you want to copy me and I'm
trying to keep you from needing that
right now because I will be pushing the
but in front of you but I want you to
understand that it's going to take a
great deal
of control for you to not want to push
the button when I do I'm going to put
limit orders in the marketplace so
you'll see those orders rest there and
price will come to the Limit order and
it'll fill me and whatever happens after
that is what we'll watch but I want you
to have the maturity to say you know
what I'm going to just simply study this
and I'm going to exercise discipline
over myself I'm not going to be
impulsive I'm not going to be greedy I'm
not going to fear missing something
because what I'm learning I'm learning
how to do this on my own I don't need to
copy cat
Michael that's how you graduate this
mentorship
okay the last two weeks that we spend
I'm literally going to just be doing
entries in management that's what I'm
going to be doing and once I'm done with
them I don't want to see you tell me
thank you I made this much money or I
pass because that's literally the shest
way that I'm going to block you from
ever being able to send me a comment and
you might not care about it okay but I
don't want you doing anything to copy me
because I know if I'm doing it here live
you're going to be trying to do it with
real money or the chance of you losing
something you paid for like for a funded
account company Challenger or
whatever and I don't I don't want you in
my trade because then it's not my trade
it's me managing the outcome for you and
I don't want that I'm not trading other
people's
money OPM is not me it's not me baby my
name is ICT not
OPM other people's money in case you
pick up
on you down with o PE yeah you know
me yeah you remember
that still no cuss words how about that
told you folks it's just a character
just the character it gets people
talking about me and it brings them to
the channel that's what a master of
marketing does no advertising required
just manipulate the
audience get them
talking all right so now we're at
the consequent cor that premium
[Music]
Wick see it every single
time jumped so we are just hitting it
right there what's the price consequent
crment 694 and a half the high oh went
one tick above it so there you go now
now we're definitely above it so we
would demand that it really accelerates
and just does it in short fashion
because because they don't want them to
take those orders out of the
marketplace so the framework looks like
this told you these these lectures this
week are going to be the dry ones the
boring ones but I promise you after
doing this for 32
years I
literally would have paid
everything that I would be willing to
put into a trading account back in the
90s when I was learning how to do all
this stuff I would have uh I would have
paid gladly for this
information with someone sitting out
here explain the
logic proven it to you where it's going
to go and how to be a master of yourself
and don't don't try to demand that you
know what you have to do right now all
the time and I'm I'm teaching because
I'm my audience member is my son and he
doesn't have the ability yet but he's
going to have the natural tendencies to
want to impress dad he's going to have
the natural tendencies to look at the
last time he got it right and think I
want to do it with real money sooner
than I should or I want to trade more
contracts than Dad told me to do or I
want to get in earlier because I I don't
have the patience to sit there and wait
for the setup all those things that
you've been wrestling with and I
wrestled with too and every other Trader
does too I'm trying to spare him that so
that's why I'm teaching this way because
I want him to be bored with the the
delivery of price what we're looking for
how it should
behave all those things should be uh
building
blocks for for you Caleb to to wrestle
your impulsive nature to wrestle fear
and greed not fall victim to fear of
missing
out and feel
uncomfortable just letting price move
and finding being your model and also
being
comfortable being comfortable with what
you're expecting to see in price action
and if it's not being delivered to you
sit
still I mean if let's say you went to a
festar restaurant okay you couldn't wait
to get there you've been waiting all
week you worked all week you you put
some money aside you and your
significant other you're going to this
festar restaurant and you get there
because you want to have
lobster you want to have a stuffed
lobster tail and all the fixings on the
side that you you know usually eat with
it and you get there and the waiter says
unfortunately tonight you're going to
have to do something different we're out
of
lobster well all right man give me the
BLT that's what people do when they're
watching the marketplace they can have a
model they know what they're looking for
the menu that they want to eat off of is
fan and
lobster but when he sit down in front of
the charts and they start watching these
things dance around on their screen uh
you know what grilled cheese ain't that
bad PE butter jelly yeah F me over one
piece of bread I got the heel I got the
last piece of bread you know I gotta eat
I gotta eat man I gotta eat I gotta do
something I've been sitting here for two
hours I got to do something instead of
demanding the waiter find some Lobster
or we're going to go somewhere else and
somebody that has
money don't we don't look at it as I'm
wasting gas cuz I'm going to have to
find somewhere else to go I'm going to
leave if I went to that restaurant
expecting what I'm wanting to eat like
for instance I I like Ruth
Chris I like the one on Water Street
down in the harbor and their crab cake
is phenomenal and if you've never had a
crab cake done Ruth Christ
style we it's the Chesapeake Bay edition
of it's the only one of all the Ruth
Christ um locations that has been given
permission by Ruth to to do that blend
to get that crab cake you got to come
here to Baltimore and I promise you if
you get it it will dance on your taste
buds it is absolutely amazing it's so
good I can't eat a crab cake unless it
comes from withu Chris and I'm a
Maryland boy I like crabs to an extent
and it's got to be in a in a setting
usually when my daughter visits us like
she she just went
home we take her out to get crabs and we
had crabs twice while she was
here and if I don't eat a crab the rest
of this year I'm okay but if my wife
says I'm in a mood for a nice steak well
she eats the
F Ruth makes an amazing steak it comes
out 500 Degrees sizzling on a plate you
hear your steak coming it's sizzling as
it's coming to your
table but their crab Cake's better that
crab cake is such an amazing amazing oh
it's so good it's perfectly seasoned
it's so
good so Ruth Chris send the check in the
mail
please this this video does not have
paid sponsors it's just me saying who I
like and what I like you're never gonna
see no affiliate with me okay I don't
get paid advertisers in there I get them
all the time offering me stuff but I
it's never being something I'm going to
reach for despite how rich them some of
those offers have been
all right come on get up there and be
done with it I'm over my scheduled a lot
of time
here we ICT
overtime so I was watching this breaker
here
and all of my PD arrays all have
inversion aspects to it and as a
reminder for the folks are running
around saying yeah it's 81 PD arrays but
half of them are just going bullish or
going bearish off of them no there's
individual PD arrays and they themselves
have inversion aspects to them so it's
double the 81
but this breaker we went above it and
then what were we doing at the top of it
accumulating Fair back sorry fair value
created I mentioned down here I said you
would treat this if you were bullish go
back and listen to the stream if you
were bullish this could be viewed as a
breakaway Gap and then this could be a
in order entry drill meaning what no
full closure of the Gap well let's test
that theory
ICT there's the
high you can see it there's a candle
high and that candle's low trades into
it but leaves it open there you go it's
to strong for entry
[Music]
J for the folks are screaming at the
computer screen
dude where would a stop be at on that
well what have I taught you so far if
this is your first time watching then
then you're allowed to not know that but
if you've been with me and and not
taught everybody gets in other lectures
before and you also watch me execute
too this Candlestick is your
[Music]
inbalance that right there is where your
stop loss is minus one tick if you want
to be conservative you use the first
candle's low minus one TI but I like to
keep risk manageable so the imbalance
candle if it's a bide bound sell sign
efficiency or an up close
your B Gap like we have here my stop
would be right below there so by
contrast you would see a fill at 87 or
we'll just use 88 okay we'll fluff it up
and use two ticks above the low that
candle so you have 88 and the low of
that
candle
70.5 so you have
um 18 18
handles so you're you're already doing
the math on that thinking wait a minute
now I can't do 15 contracts with my top
step account well that's a good
thing that's a good thing you need
somebody to remind you stop
overleveraging stop making these people
money you're supposed to be making the
money and the way you make money is you
you control risk but what happens if you
were trading five micro M Lots
there five microl
lots and you get 100 handle run we'll
this call it filled with slippage and
costs with commission say you got in at
90 that's your average price with
commission cost and you trade all the
way up here and you're getting right
here or your first partial
here so you got anywhere between UH 60
to 100
handles risking 18
so the best case scenario there is you
have a five in one gearing that means
you're risking $1 to make
five that's that's your that's your math
on
that that's good if you trade like that
and that's what you're setting yourself
up for those framework type
trades you can take losing
trades and not be perfect and you could
lose half the time and still be
profitable
you can
lose 30 if I'm not mistaken I think it's
38% of the time only being correct
so being
incorrect More than 70% of the time
losing more than 70% of the time with
this kind of gearing you can still make
money how's that
possible because every time you
win you're getting five times what you
risk
but as you're
trading as the trade starts to move in
your favor you want to reduce that risk
of whatever that $1 risk to make one a
$5 win so your gearing or risk to reward
is one to five or said it this way
reward to risk is five to one or risk to
reward one to five you're trying to make
$5 and only risk one so that's your
gearing you can afford to be wrong a
lot and if you move your stop loss as
the position moves in your favor and
you're trying to get
to First
partial whatever your first partial is
whatever you arrived at in in your trade
before you even put a trade on you
should know where your first partial is
and when the trade moves halfway to that
first partial if you move your stock to
cover costs
that means your commission costs are
covered you're obviously you're Break
Even but when people put their stop to
break even they're not break even you're
paying
commission so you have to figure out
what your commission costs are on that
trade and then move it to that and cover
it and if it allows you go half a a
handle it's that's 10 bucks it pays for
a pizza from carry out go to Papa John
you can get yourself a one topping pizza
Tom my sent
you but you've complete removed any
chance of it unless it's a a big crazy
geopolitical event that you didn't see
coming nobody can see coming and gaps
away from you and runs over top you then
that stop losses in that instance
doesn't work you're going to get slipped
and slipped
bad but you can be wrong a lot if you
have five to one gearing in your trades
and you manage your stop loss like that
whatever your first partial is when it
trades in your favor profiting without
taking any partial yet soon as it goes
to 50% of that
that run or whatever say it's 40 handles
that's your first
partial once you get 20 Handles in
profit cover your cost with your stop
loss and just sit still now you're
thinking I don't want to do that because
what if it comes back and stops me out
it's going to show you that you don't
know how to close stop loss on or you
entered at the wrong location and that's
an opportunity for you to improve
on how's that for a a novelty
idea how's that for logic how about
highlighting what you need work on so
you can polish yourself and refine
yourself instead of pretending you're
going to walk through this without
having any adversities or never doing it
wrong this week I have been focusing on
things that are going to be Paramount to
you encountering with the right
mindset
or not falling victim to the stuff
because you're changing the way you
think and that's the better way of doing
it and I'm hoping that you're listening
Caleb for that reason
because learning from it like I had to
learn from it you don't want those
lessons because it brings Scar Tissue
you don't need to go through that stuff
you'll be better than I am because you
don't get
that pain that regret and it was harder
than it needed to be because I didn't
want to listen I didn't want to be
patient and a lot of you watching like
like today's
session it was probably very painful for
some of you and you're coming back now
just to listen to the last part on
Choice the speed just to get through it
gagging at the the dryness of it all but
what do you think trading is going to be
like when you get into a day where it
just isn't moving like you want to
you're going to be thinking about all
these things I'm talked about this week
and what logic do you have to lean on
none you won't have any logic to lean on
if you haven't listened and taking notes
you're going to listen to your impulse
of nature you're going to listen to your
emotions that your always going to lie
to you you're going to be scared when
you shouldn't be and you're going to be
overconfident when you should be
fearful it's like a
paradox you feel like you going to chase
price and you have you have no fear
think about it every single time you've
traded you have chased when price has
been going up I'm going to buy it now
it's been going up I've got
confirmation
Fearless no concern for how much it
could very easily retrace against you
when you're not using a stop loss you're
brave in your ignorance of not using a
stop wow look at him he went out there
and bought that thing after it's rallied
87 handles only two down closed candles
in the last series of up closed Candles
now he's buying it top tick tomming no
stop full
margin All
In contrast that mindset with waiting
until your setup is in a discount when
you want to
buy wait for a shift in Market structure
wait for that first fair fair value Gap
to form and have your limit order
sitting in that fair value Gap and wait
for price to drop down into it you're
buying when price is moving away that's
courage most people don't want to do
that how do you know ICT it's going to
go into that Fe up and not go below it
because I've watched thousands and
thousands and thousands and thousands of
hours of tape reading paper trading it
demo trading it making real money with
it making your annual salary with
it and over time it does what it gives
you confidence that what you're doing
tends to repeat and because you've been
doing that and you're also working in
Market structures it's a little bit more
challenging
somehow you
know the idea of being a mentor
these guys that are pretending to be
mentors they'll say things that never
indicate that they have a period of when
it's not easy for them this is all my
stuff and sometimes it's going to be a
hard read or it's not a market condition
that I want to operate and engage in
that's not
insecurity that's not it's that is not
insecurity that's me knowing exactly
what I'm looking for
I outlined this one for
you that's your silver
bullet some of you completely forgot
about it because we're learning new
stuff isn't that the Silver
Bullet it's inside the 10:00 hour
Reaching For
What old
high every premium array going up we got
to cut through all this stuff here all
these layered
new de new day opening Gap and new week
opening Gap that's what's causing listen
folks this is the last note for today
when you're trading with high resistance
liquidity runs you're going to have this
effect in price action but you're not
seeing it that's why it's that's why
it's holding price back instead of
having just a real quick one run through
it it's no problem that's why I was
telling you earlier if it runs through
it with one or two candles which it did
here it should have no problem reaching
up there and it got real close to it
didn't it and then petered out and then
we got real real close to it here and
then petered out but you don't need I
didn't need to be right about that
because I gave you watch how it perform
performs above this candle
here watch out reforms above here when
it did this we want to see it get above
there it does we want to see it press
through it why because we don't want to
see it being held up like a cobweb
tangled up around its legs and can't run
because of all the new week opening guys
new daily opening Gap levels in here
that's what causes the high resistance
liquidity run market conditions when you
see these things layered up around each
other but you're not plotting them on
your chart that's why you've never
noticed
them it's not a absence of buying and
selling pressure it's the fact that the
algorithm has all of these levels it's
paying off of it's constantly offering
this back and forth back and forth back
and
forth then
it moves out of
it gravitates to the high of this
inefficiency I told you that would be
first partial told you to screenshot
that then I told you consequent corro of
that Wick that's a
screenshot and if we ever get up here
today if you see it on your chart
screenshot that and then backtrack all
through this how price maneuvered and
behaved if you rolled your stop here
from entry to give yourself $100 a pizza
dinner dinner date
night commission cost and pizza paid for
Netflix and
chill were you ever in a position where
you're going to feel in Jeopardy
no you funded the trade we're saying it
hypothetically with first partial there
and then you take a second partial there
if you can afford to do so you're not
jamming your stop- loss up there because
this is what you're going to get stopped
down
so partials scratch that
itch about moving stop
losses you you compensate the
fear and the trepidation you feel about
being in the trade because you want to
lock in
something the easiest way to lock in
something is to take a partial profit at
the highs as they form when price is
trading into these PD arrays that are
premium levels what makes it premium
because you're entering here and it's
moving higher so you're looking at all
this range from this high down to that
low have you heard one cuss word
yet it's just a character folks it's
just a character I want to remind you
that because some of you act like I'm
literally insane I'm not I do it to
entertain because it makes it memorable
and whether you like me or not you start
talking about me and when you talk about
me other people are like what's he
talking about where did he say that and
then all of a sudden you get stuck in my
web here and you end up learning what
really works in the market market
place when we ran Above This High here
we had it but it came right back in and
was being held stagnant in between all
the new week opening new day opening
gaps see that see how it's holding it
down like a web like a fly okay imagine
the the price is a fly and these are
spider
webs price is getting tangled up in it
and a strong fly that's in a web where
the spider's out doing something
else it's not in its web that never
happens I got webs in my backyard on our
iron fence and many times there those
spiders are not there until Dusk and
they're sitting there waiting for lunch
to come in and get tangled up but a
strong fly can find its way out of a web
I've watched it happen as a kid I've
watched it happen living where I'm at
now and that's what happens here it just
gets out of the web and
runs where's it going to go where the
sugar is baby where's the sugar at
here but it's getting swatted out okay
there's a f there's a fly swatter here
no you can't get in there just like when
it's trying to eat your barbecue spare
ribs your chicken wings you're at your
cookout that same silly fly that was
trying to get on my crabs the other day
when I was eating
them go drive me nuts so I took a piece
of crab pinched it up and put it inside
the crab shell
the hood of the crab and I told my wife
stop swatting at it cuz when you swat at
it it gets over here and tries to get on
me and I don't want it crawling on me so
I said this watch I wanted to land on
the hood of that crab I put crab meat in
there I wanted to go there and it did
and it sat there and ate so I was
letting it have dinner with us so it
couldn't crawl over me so that's a tip
for you if you got to cookout give
yourself a little piece of meat or
something hamburger pinch it up break it
up real small and lay it down on a paper
plate next to you their eyes going to
see the paper plate because they know
that you're eating off a paper
and they'll land on that food and as
long as you don't disturb them they'll
eat to their full and they won't be
bothering anymore didn't think they ever
learn that stuff from an ICT
webinar no cuss wordss man what's going
on
here all right
so I'm going to leave you with this
watch this inefficiency here we have
essentially institutional orderflow
entry here so if it's good if it's
really wanting to go up there I would
give it this opportunity here otherwise
it's probably going to hang around and
spend more time in all this mess here
and I I would not be wanting to to trade
that I would be going doing something
else go swim go get a cookout without
flies and or yourself and crabs I'll see
you all tomorrow Lord willing um right
before the opening bell I I don't know
exactly when it's going to be but uh
sometime right before opening bell we'll
be back at it again hope you found this
insightful today and enjoy yourself
relax and till talk to you tomorrow be
safe